Intent: greetings
Patterns: hello,hi,hey,greetings,what's up?,good day
Responses: Hello!, Hey!, What can i do for you?

Intent: collabera owner
Patterns: who is owner of collabera,who is founder of collabera ,who is chairman of collabera
Responses: Mr. Hetain Patel and Mr. Sham Patel are co-founder of Collabera Technologies pvt. Ltd.

Intent: collabera ceo
Patterns: who is chief executive officer of collabera,who is CEO of collabera
Responses: Mr. kartik is CEO of Collabera Technologies pvt. Ltd.

Intent: Collabera Digital
Patterns: Information about Collabera Digital,Details of Collabera Digital,Collabera Digital does
Responses: Collabera Digital engineers the next generation of solutions to power tech-forward organizations accelerate their digital journeys.  Our digital engineering capabilities in data analytics cloud automation and cybersecurity coupled with a strong foundation in talent transformation and advisory & architecture foster continuous innovation and transformation helping clients stay ahead in the digital curve.  With our client-first and collaborative approach we deliver solutions that are tailor-made through speed and agility. Established in 2010 and with 25 offices in 11+ countries across Asia Pacific & Europe we cater to 300+ clients including Fortune 500 companies. Supported by over 10 thousand professionals we are a team of innovators and thinkers who chase excellence as much in the process as we do in the result. For more information visit www.collaberadigitl.com

Intent: collabera Birth
Patterns: collabera was founded in,in which year collabera was founded
Responses: Collabera Technologies was founded in 1991 at Basking Ridge New Jersey United States (USA)

Intent: creator of Collabera's AI chat
Patterns: who created you,who developed you,Developer name of Collabera's AI chat,who is developer of Collabera's AI chat
Responses: Mr. Kathit shah and Mr.Arman Pathan has Develop Collabera's AI chat

Intent: your name
Patterns: what is your name,how should I call you
Responses: Hello user, My name is Collabera's AI chat.
